== Mascot-DAT Parser

A gem for reading results from the  Mascot proteomics search engine. The format used by Mascot is a DAT file and is fully describe within the Mascot Installation and Setup guide. Matrix Science (http://matrixscience.com) does not support natively accessing the DAT file format, and instead urge developers to use their supported mascot_parser library for accessing DAT file information. 

This project is in no way affiliated with Matrix Science, I just needed pure-Ruby tools to access DAT files, so I rolled my own. 

This is open source software licensed under the MIT license (see below). As such I make no gaurentees about the quality or correctness of such. You have been warned.

See the Mascot::DAT class for more information on how to use this library.

== LICENSE

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2011 Angel Pizarro

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.